.TH DIATHEKE 1 "2018-11-08" "diatheke 4.8" "Diatheke man page"
.SH NAME
diatheke \- a command line Bible reader
.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" for synopsis format see man man
.B diatheke
.B \-b
.I module_name
[\fB\-o \fIoption_filters\fR]
[\fB\-m \fImaximum_verses\fR]
[\fB\-f \fIoutput_format\fR]
[\fB\-e \fIoutput_encoding\fR]
[\fB\-t \fIscript\fR]
[\fB\-v \fIvariant_number\fR]
[\fB\-l \fIlocale\fR]
.B \-k
.I query_key

.B diatheke
.B \-b
.I module_name
\fB\-s regex\fR|\fBmultiword\fR|\fBphrase\fR
[\fB\-r \fIsearch_range\fR]
[\fB\-l \fIlocale\fR]
.B \-k
.I search_string

.B diatheke
.B \-b system
.B \-k modulelist\fR|\fBmodulelistnames\fR|\fBlocalelist\fR|\fBbibliography
modulelist will return a list of the names and descriptions of all installed modules
modulelistnames will return a list of the names of all installed modules
localelist will return a list of all installed libsword locales
bibliography will return a list of all installed modules and their BibTex bibliographical entry 
.B diatheke
.B \-b info
.B \-k
.I module_name
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I diatheke
prints Bible verses or other text from the modules which the Sword library uses.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-b
Module name. May be "system" or "info" (see QUERY KEYS) or one of the names obtained by
using "diatheke \-b system \-k modulelist".
.TP
.B \-s
Search type. One of
regex
(regular expression, see regex(7)),
multiword
(like "word [AND word]..."),
phrase
(exact text).
.TP
.B \-r
Search range. A valid Bible key range value (see \-k). For example: Matt-John, Rom,
gen-psalms, 1Thess 1:5-2:6.
.TP
.B \-o
Module option filters. A combination of "fmhcvalsrbwgeixtM". See MODULE OPTIONS.
.TP
.B \-m
Maximum number of verses returned. Any integer value.
.TP
.B \-f
Output format.One of CGI, GBF, HTML, HTMLHREF, LaTeX, OSIS, RTF,
  ThML, WEBIF, XHTML, plain, and internal (def)

This currently works only if there is a Sword library filter from the original format to
the specified output format. XHTML, HTML and CGI are for generating text for a webpage.
.TP
.B \-e
Output character encoding. One of Latin1, UTF16, HTML, RTF, UTF8 (default).
This currently works only for module contents, not for system key contents
or key texts.
.TP
.B \-v
Variant. The text may contain variant readings. One of \-1 (all), 0, 1.
.TP
.B \-l
Locale. Sword may have different locales installed. Default is en. Localization
affects input and output keys.
.TP
.B \-k
Query key. It must be the last argument because all following
arguments are added to the key. See QUERY KEYS for different kinds of keys.
.SH MODULE OPTIONS
By default the optional features of modules are not shown in the returned
text. These options make them visible if the module supports them.
.TP
.B n
Strong's numbers. These numbers refer to the Strong's dictionaries of the New and
Old Testaments. Some Bible texts attach these numbers to words.
.TP
.B f
Footnotes.
.TP
.B m
Morphology of the Greek/Hebrew words. Morphology is shown as a code which refers
to an entry in some dictionary-type module.
.TP
.B h
Section headings.
.TP
.B c
Hebrew cantillation.
.TP
.B v
Hebrew vowels.
.TP
.B a
Greek accents.
.TP
.B p
Arabic vowels
.TP
.B l
Lemmas (the base forms of the words).
.TP
.B s
Scripture cross-references.
.TP
.B r
Arabic shaping.
.TP
.B b
Bi-directional reordering.
.TP
.B w
Red Words of Christ.
.TP
.B g 
Glosses/Ruby
.TP
.B e
Word Enumerations
.TP
.B i
Intros
.TP
.B x
Encoded transliterations, i.e. transliterations provided by the module (currently few modules have any such information)
.TP
.B t
Algorithmic Transliterations via ICU
.TP
.B M
morpheme segmentation

.SH QUERY KEYS
.TP
.B Bible texts and Commentaries
use verse keys. Examples: john 1:1, j1:1 jh1 (the first chapter of John), jh
(the whole book of Gospel of John), joh 1:1-3 ( a verse range), joh 1:0
(one verse backwards from
1:1, which is the last verse of the previous book or possibly an introduction to John),
joh 1:100 (which is 100 verses
forward from the first verse of John 1:1), 1234 (which is the 1234th verse from
the beginning of the Bible).
.TP
.B Lexicons and Dictionaries
use word keys. Any word can be used and similar or next entry alphabetically is returned.
Some dictionaries like Strong's use numbered entries.
.TP
.B system
is not a module but when used with \-b allows one of these keys:
modulelist
(list of the available modules with short descriptions),
modulelistnames
(list of the names of the available modules),
localelist
(list of the available Sword locales).
.TP
.B info
is not a module but when used with \-b allows a module name as a key
and gives some information about that module.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
diatheke \-b KJV \-k joh1:1
Shows John 1:1 in King James Version.
.TP
diatheke \-b RWP \-k Matthew 2:2
Shows Matthew 2:2 in Robertson's Word Pictures commentary.
.TP
diatheke \-b WebstersDict \-k bible
Show entry "bible" in Websters Dictionary.
.TP
diatheke \-b system \-k modulelist
Shows the list of available modules.
.TP
diatheke \-b KJV \-o fmslx \-f OSIS \-e Latin1 \-k john 1:1-3
Shows John 1:1-3 from KJV in OSIS XML format in iso8859-1 encoding with footnotes,
morphology, cross-references, lemmas and words of Christ in red. (The module may  not
support all options and those have no effect. KJV includes only ASCII characters so
encoding has no effect.)
.TP
diatheke \-b GerLut \-l de \-m 10 \-k Offenbarung
Shows the first 10 verses of Revelation in German GerLut version,
both input and output keys are localized.
.TP
diatheke \-b KJV \-s phrase \-r Mt \-k love
Shows those verse keys which include phrase "love" in Gospel of Matthew in KJV module.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Currently diatheke exits always with status 0. If only Bible verse key and
module name are shown it means that the module did not have any content in
that range. If only module name is shown the key may have been bad. If
nothing is shown the book name may have been bad. If Segmentation fault
is shown diatheke has been bad.
.SH SEE ALSO
.I http://www.crosswire.org/sword/
.SH COPYRIGHT
Sword library: \(co 1994-2018 Crosswire Bible Society,
released under GPL licence.
Diatheke: written by Chris Little, Peter von Kaehne, Troy Griffitts
Manpage: written by Eeli Kaikkonen, Peter von Kaehne
\(co 1999-2018 Crosswire Bible Society, released under GPL licence.
