.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "INSTALLMGR.1 1"
.TH INSTALLMGR.1 1 "2018-11-05"
.SH "NAME"
installmgr \- install, list, update and remove SWORD modules
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-init
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-l
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-u [ModuleName]
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-s
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR [\-r | \-rl | \-rd] [RemoteSrcName]
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-ri [RemoteSrcName] [ModuleName]
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-ll [\s-1PATH\s0]
.PP
\&\fBinstallmgr\fR \-li [\s-1PATH\s0] [ModuleName]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
A command line utility to manipulate \s-1SWORD\s0 modules. It can be used to install,
remove, list and update \s-1SWORD\s0 modules, from local and network locations.
.PP
Please note modules will be installed into /usr/share/sword without using
\&\s-1APT.\s0 If you use this utility you will not be able to uninstall these modules
using apt-get, aptitude, synaptic and similar tools.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-init\fR" 4
.IX Item "-init"
Creates basic user configuration file. This will overwrite existing one.
.IP "\fB\-l\fR" 4
.IX Item "-l"
Lists currently installed \s-1SWORD\s0 modules.
.IP "\fB\-u [ModuleName]\fR" 4
.IX Item "-u [ModuleName]"
Uninstalls module.
.IP "\fB\-s\fR" 4
.IX Item "-s"
Lists available remote sources
.IP "\fB[\-r | \-rl | \-rd] [RemoteSrcName]\fR" 4
.IX Item "[-r | -rl | -rd] [RemoteSrcName]"
These are used to manipulate remote sources.
.RS 4
.IP "\-r" 4
.IX Item "-r"
Refreshes remote source.
.IP "\-rl" 4
.IX Item "-rl"
Lists available modules from the remote source.
.IP "\-rd" 4
.IX Item "-rd"
Lists new/updated modules from the remote source.
.RE
.RS 4
.RE
.IP "\fB\-ri [RemoteSrcName] [ModuleName]\fR" 4
.IX Item "-ri [RemoteSrcName] [ModuleName]"
Install module from remote source.
.IP "\fB\-ll [\s-1PATH\s0]\fR" 4
.IX Item "-ll [PATH]"
List available modules at a specified local path.
.IP "\fB\-li [\s-1PATH\s0] [ModuleName]\fR" 4
.IX Item "-li [PATH] [ModuleName]"
Install module from local path.
.SH "Authors"
.IX Header "Authors"
This manual page was written by Dmitrijs Ledkovs <dmitrij.ledkov@gmail.com> for
Debian project but may be used by others.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
