.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "MOD2IMP.1 1"
.TH MOD2IMP.1 1 "2018-11-05" 
.SH "NAME"
mod2imp, mod2osis, mod2vpl, mod2zmod \- export SWORD modules
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
\&\fBmod2imp\fR [modulename]
.PP
\&\fBmod2osis\fR [modulename]
.PP
\&\fBmod2vpl\fR [modulename] [0 |1]
.PP
\&\fBmod2zmod\fR [modulename] [\s-1PATH\s0] [blocktype [compressiontype [cipherkey]]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
These utilities export \s-1SWORD\s0 modules into various formats. \fBmod2imp\fR exports a
module into \s-1SWORD\s0 imp (import) format. \fBmod2osis\fR exports a module into \s-1OSIS\s0
format. \fBmod2vpl\fR exports into verse per line format. \fBmod2zmod\fR produces
compressed \s-1SWORD\s0 modules.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB[modulename]\fR" 4
.IX Item "[modulename]"
Specify the modulename to export.
.IP "\fB[0 | 1]\fR" 4
.IX Item "[0 | 1]"
Only applies to \fBmod2vpl\fR. 1 \- prepends verse reference to each line, 0 \-
doesn't.
.IP "\fB[\s-1PATH\s0]\fR" 4
.IX Item "[PATH]"
Only applies to \fBmod2zmod\fR. Path where to create compressed module.
.IP "\fB[blocktype [compressiontype [cipherkey]]]\fR" 4
.IX Item "[blocktype [compressiontype [cipherkey]]]"
Only applies to \fBmod2zmod\fR. Valid blocktypes are (default 4):
.RS 4
.IP "2 \- verses" 4
.IX Item "2 - verses"
.PD 0
.IP "3 \- chapters" 4
.IX Item "3 - chapters"
.IP "4 \-books" 4
.IX Item "4 -books"
.RE
.RS 4
.PD
.Sp
Compression types are (default 1):
.IP "1 \- \s-1LZSS\s0" 4
.IX Item "1 - LZSS"
.PD 0
.IP "2 \- Zip" 4
.IX Item "2 - Zip"
.RE
.RS 4
.RE
.PD
.SH "Authors"
.IX Header "Authors"
This manual page was written by Dmitrijs Ledkovs <dmitrij.ledkov@gmail.com> for
Debian project but may be used by others.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
