.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "OSIS2MOD.1 1"
.TH OSIS2MOD.1 1 "2018-11-05"
.SH "NAME"
osis2mod \- create SWORD module from OSIS
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
\&\fBosis2mod\fR \s-1PATH OSISDOC\s0 [\s-1OPTIONS\s0]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
This utility will create a \s-1SWORD\s0 module in the specified path from the
\&\s-1OSIS\s0 formatted input.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-a\fR" 4
.IX Item "-a"
Augment module if exists (default is to create a new one).
.IP "\fB\-z | \-Z\fR" 4
.IX Item "-z | -Z"
Use compression. z \- for \s-1ZIP\s0; Z \- for \s-1LZSS.\s0 By default no compression is
used.
.IP "\fB\-b N\fR" 4
.IX Item "-b N"
Specify block size. Valid values are (default 4):
.RS 4
.IP "2 \- verses" 4
.IX Item "2 - verses"
.PD 0
.IP "3 \- chapters" 4
.IX Item "3 - chapters"
.IP "4 \-books" 4
.IX Item "4 -books"
.RE
.RS 4
.RE
.IP "\fB\-c \s-1CIPHER_KEY\s0\fR" 4
.IX Item "-c CIPHER_KEY"
.PD
Encipher module using supplied key. By default no enciphering is used.
.IP "\fB\-N\fR" 4
.IX Item "-N"
Do not convert \s-1UFT\-8\s0 no normalize \s-1UTF\-8\s0 to \s-1NFC.\s0 Default is to convert to \s-1UTF\-8,\s0
if needed, and then normalize to \s-1NFC.\s0
.Sp
Note: all \s-1UTF\-8\s0 texts should be normalized to \s-1NFC.\s0
.SH "Authors"
.IX Header "Authors"
This manual page was written by Dmitrijs Ledkovs <dmitrij.ledkov@gmail.com> for
Debian project but may be used by others.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
