.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "TEI2MOD.1 1"
.TH TEI2MOD.1 1 "2018-11-05"
.SH "NAME"
tei2mod \- tool to convert TEI P5 source into a SWORD module
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
\&\fBtei2mod\fR outputpath teisource [\s-1OPTIONS\s0]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
This utility is used to create \s-1SWORD\s0 module from a slightly modified
\&\s-1TEI\s0 (Text Encoding Initiative) P5 formatted \s-1XML\s0 source document. The
resulting module will be saved in the outputpath specified.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-z\fR" 4
.IX Item "-z"
Specifies use of \s-1ZIP\s0 compression.  The default is no compression.
.IP "\fB\-Z\fR" 4
.IX Item "-Z"
Specifies use of \s-1LZSS\s0 compression.  The default is no compression.
.IP "\fB\-s [2|4]\fR" 4
.IX Item "-s [2|4]"
Specifies maximum text size per entry.  The default is 4.
.IP "\fB\-c cipher_key\fR" 4
.IX Item "-c cipher_key"
Specifies that the output will be enciphered with the supplied
cipher_key.  The default is plain text output (no encipherment).
.IP "\fB\-N\fR" 4
.IX Item "-N"
Disables conversion to \s-1UTF\-8\s0 and normalization of \s-1UTF\-8\s0 to \s-1NFC.\s0  The
default is to convert to \s-1UTF\-8,\s0 if needed, and then normalize to \s-1NFC.\s0
Note that all \s-1UTF\-8\s0 texts should be normalized to \s-1NFC.\s0
.SH "NOTE"
.IX Header "NOTE"
The input format is a subset of \s-1TEI P5\s0 with added elements borrowed
from \s-1OSIS\s0 for verse references.  The resulting custom \s-1TEI\s0 schema is
available at http://www.crosswire.org/osis/teiP5osis.1.4.xsd
.SH "AUTHORS"
.IX Header "AUTHORS"
This man page was written by Jonathan Marsden <jmarsden@fastmail.fm>
for the Debian project but may be used by others.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
.IP "http://www.crosswire.org/wiki/TEI_Dictionaries" 4
.IX Item "http://www.crosswire.org/wiki/TEI_Dictionaries"
.PD 0
.IP "http://www.crosswire.org/osis/teiP5osis.1.4.xsd" 4
.IX Item "http://www.crosswire.org/osis/teiP5osis.1.4.xsd"
.IP "http://www.tei\-c.org/release/doc/tei\-p5\-doc/html/index.html" 4
.IX Item "http://www.tei-c.org/release/doc/tei-p5-doc/html/index.html"
