.\" ========================================================================
.\"
.IX Title "VPL2MOD.1 1"
.TH VPL2MOD.1 1 "2018-11-05"
.SH "NAME"
vpl2mod \- tool to convert verse per line source to SWORD module
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
\&\fBvpl2mod\fR \s-1SOURCE PATH\s0 [0|1] [0|1]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
This utility is used to create \s-1SWORD\s0 module from the verse per line formatted
source. The resulting module will be saved in the path specified.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB[0|1] [0|1]\fR" 4
.IX Item "[0|1] [0|1]"
The first option indicates whether to prepend verse references or not.
The second option is to indicate whether module is \s-1NT\s0 only or not.
.SH "NOTE"
.IX Header "NOTE"
With no verse references source file must contain exactly 31102 lines. This is
\&\s-1KJV\s0 verse count plus heading for the module, testament, book and chapter. An
example snippet follows:
.PP
.Vb 5
\& MODULE HEADER
\& OLD TESTAMENT HEADER
\& GENESIS HEADER
\& CHAPTER 1 HEADER
\& In the beginning...
.Ve
.PP
This example implies there must also be a chapter 2 header, Exodus header, New
Testament header, etc. If there is no text for the header, a black line must, at
least, hold place.
.PP
With verse references, source file must simply contain any number of lines, that
begin with the verse reference for which it is an entry, e.g.:
.PP
.Vb 2
\& gen 1:0 CHPATER 1 HEADER
\& get 1:1 In the beginning...
.Ve
.SH "Authors"
.IX Header "Authors"
This manual page was written by Dmitrijs Ledkovs <dmitrij.ledkov@gmail.com> for
Debian project but may be used by others.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
